# Catalogue_from_tles

#### This module converts the TLe data into useful and interpretable data. One can analyse the orbital elements and all other associated parameters from the data files(in the folder - 'data_files') generated by this module. Following is its structure :-


1. catalogue_analysis.py - This program derives useful fields from the Tle data. Following are the parameters that it publishes.</br>
<br> For each object (1 TLE per object), create the following columns:</br>

- Satname

- Epoch of TLE (python date-time format)

- Mean motion (rev/day)
- Orbit period (s)
- Semi-major axis (m)
- Semi-latus rectum (m)
- Inclination (deg)
- Right Ascension of Ascending Node (Deg)
- Argument of Perigee (Deg)
- Eccentricity (unitless)
- Perigee altitude (km)
- Apogee altitude (km)
- Average altitude (km)
- Circular Orbit flag: based on eccentricity (used +/- 2% as threshold)
- Orbit Class: based on altitude (LEO <= 2000km; 2000 < MEO <= 35,636; 35,636 < GEO <= 35,836; DSO > 35,836)
- Annual precession of orbit per year (rad/yr) 
- Sun-synchronous orbit flag (used +/- 5% as threshold)
- Mean Local Time of Ascending Node (hour)
- Ground-track repeat cycle (days)
- Mean anomaly (deg) or Mean longitude (deg)

To run the program, within the same directory-
```
python3 catalogue_analysis.py
```

2. data_tle.py - This program performs graphical analysis of the above mentioned fields in the catalogue. Interesting analysis can be done from these, such as detecting possible maneuvers etc. To run the program, within the same directory-
```
python3 data_tle.py
```
3. satallite_data_cyclicity.py - This program integrates the above catalogue with the Satellite_repeat_cycle module. This help in calculating the cyclicity of the object of concern. A new field "Ground-track repeat cycle (days)" is added to the catalogue. To run the program, within the same directory-
```
python3 satallite_data_cyclicity.py
```

#### Note - 
All the data files generated are stored in data_files folder
